---
name: IRCCS Ospedale Policlinico San Martino
abbreviation: IRCCS-HSM-GE
logo: img/providers/IRCCS-HSM-GE.png
---

IRCCS Ospedale Policlinico San Martino (HSM) has always been a health landmark. With its five centuries of history, it is the main “health hub” not only for local people, attracting patients from the metropolitan area and from all over Liguria, but also from outside the Region. After the merging of the San Martino University Hospital and the Scientific Institute for Cancer Research, the “IRCCS San Martino Hospital – IST National Cancer Research Institute” was established on September 1st, 2011, with a particular focus on hematology and oncology. At the end of 2017, the name of the Institute was changed to “IRCCS Policlinico San Martino Hospital”. On May 3rd 2018 HSM was certified by the Italian Ministry of Health also for its specialization in Neuroscience. The new Scientific Institute pursues, ensuring complementarity and integration, the aims of care, treatment, training and research (clinical and translational). It also ensures, in accordance with Legislative Decree no. 517/1999, the collaboration between the Regional Health Service and the University of Genoa. Its organization is based on Departments of Integrated Activity (Dipartimenti ad Attività Integrata – DAI), according to a model that combines the characteristics of an integrated university hospital with the peculiarities of a scientific institute. HSM is intended to be a fundamental tool for the innovation of the Regional
